docs: Expand feature toggle type documentation, link from important concepts. (#1122)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/advanced/feature-toggle-types.md

## Feature toggle types

Here's the list of the feature toggle types that Unleash supports together with their intended use case and expected lifetime:

- **Release** -  Enable trunk-based development for teams practicing Continuous Delivery. _Expected lifetime 40 days_
- **Experiment** - Perform multivariate or A/B testing. _Expected lifetime 40 days_
- **Operational** - Control operational aspects of the system's behavior. _Expected lifetime 7 days_
- **Kill switch** - Gracefully degrade system functionality. _(permanent)_
- **Permission** - Change the features or product experience that certain users receive. _(permanent)_

## Deprecating feature toggles {#deprecate-a-feature-toggle}

You can mark feature toggles as `stale`. This is a way to deprecate a feature toggle without removing the active configuration for connected applications. Use this to signal that you should stop using the feature in your applications. Stale toggles will show as stale in the ["technical debt dashboard"](../user_guide/technical_debt).

> When you mark a toggle as stale, Unleash will emit an event. You can use [an addon](https://docs.getunleash.io/addons/index) to integrate this with your systems, by for instance posting a message in a Slack channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you mark a toggle as stale, Unleash will emit an event. You can use [an addon](https://docs.getunleash.io/addons/index) to integrate this with your systems, for instance to post a message in a Slack channel.
```

Additionally, with some extra work, you can also use the `stale` property to:

> - Inform a developers that a toggle is stale _while_ they're developing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Inform developers that a toggle is stale _while_ they're developing.
```
or
```suggestion
- Inform a developer that a toggle is stale _while_ they're developing.
```
